=================
UNITYBALLS README
=================
This is the actual game of Marballs we will be creating through the Unity game engine.
This readme will be updated as relevant information comes up.

GIT PRACTICES
-------------
- *Pull before modifying anything!* If someone else modifies something before you're done, pull it in anyway!
- After you're done making changes, push to your branch and send a pull request to Chris's branch.
- Try to avoid modifying the same files/lines that others are working on at the same time.
- If there's a merge conflict and you're using "*Git GUI*", do the following:
  1. Click on a conflicting file.
  2. Right click on the area that shows the file's content.
  3. Choose which version of the file to keep: local is your version, remote belongs to the other branch.
		
CODING PRACTICES
----------------
1. Naming Conventions:
  - Anything named should have a name reflecting its purpose. (ex. a calculating function can be named Calculate, but probably not Donut)
  - Constant names should be in ALL CAPS. (ex: const float PI = 3.14)
  - Variable names should use camelBack casing. (ex: int num, float preciseNum)
  - Function, file, object, class, and enum declaration names should use CamelCaps. (ex. void FixedUpdate())
		
2. Comments:
  - Comments should typically use // and be placed after or above the line they are explaining.
  - All functions and important variables should have an accompanying comment explaining their purpose.
    * Function comments should be of the format: // FunctionName - Explanation
  - All scripts should have a comment section at the beginning of the file with the following information:
		...
		/// <summary> [this and the closing tag are generated by Unity after typing ///]
		/// Filename.type
		/// Authors: [if you contribute or modify the code, add your name]
		/// Date Created:	MMM. DD, YYYY
		/// Last Revision: 	MMM. DD, YYYY [update this if you change the code]
		///
		/// Explanation of script's general purpose.
		///
		/// NOTES: [list of things to be aware of when using script]
		///
		/// TO-DO: [list of things that need doing]
		///
		/// </summary>
		...
		
3. General:
  - FixedUpdate is always called at a consistent rate. To easily make things framerate independent, use FixedUpdate instead of Update.
  - Aim for modularity and reusability!
  - Avoid redundant code where possible.
	
4. Coroutine Usage:
  - WaitForSeconds values that are too small (~3 decimal places) will default to the length of a frame! Consider using a different WaitFor___ function.
  - Coroutines may seem like they run in parallel, but they occupy the same thread space.
		
RESOURCES
---------
- [Unity Tutorials](https://unity3d.com/learn/tutorials/modules)
